docs(ai-agents): fix bug bash feedback for What is Airbyte Agents page (#77737)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/ai-agents/interfaces/mcp/readme.md

8. Return to Claude Code and begin using the MCP server.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="chatgpt" label="ChatGPT">

ChatGPT supports remote MCP servers through its [Developer Mode](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/developer-mode) feature. Developer Mode is available on Pro, Plus, Business, Enterprise, and Education plans. It's not available on Free plans.

:::note Admin access required for Business and Enterprise/Education plans
On Business, Enterprise, and Education plans, you must be a workspace owner or admin to enable Developer Mode and create connectors. On Enterprise and Education plans, admins can also use RBAC to authorize specific users as developers.
:::

1. Open [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com) on the web.

2. Go to **Settings** > **Apps & Connectors** > **Advanced settings** (at the bottom of the page).

3. Toggle **Developer mode** to **ON**.

4. Go back to **Settings** > **Apps & Connectors**.

5. Click **Create App**. This button only appears when Developer Mode is enabled.

6. Enter the connector details:

    - **Connector name**: `Airbyte Agents`
    - **Connector URL**: `https://mcp.airbyte.ai/mcp`

> 7. Click **Create**. ChatGPT connects to the MCP server and detects its tools. The connector appears under **Settings** > **Apps & Connectors**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Click **Create**. ChatGPT connects to the Airbyte Agent MCP and detects its tools. The connector appears under **Settings** > **Apps & Connectors**.
```

8. If you're not logged into Airbyte, log in now and grant access.

9. Open a new conversation to start using the MCP server.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="codex" label="Codex">

> Add the MCP server to your Codex command line tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the Airbyte Agent MCP to your Codex command line tool.
```

1. Run the following command in your terminal to add the server:

    ```bash
    codex mcp add airbyte --url https://mcp.airbyte.ai/mcp
    ```

2. Codex detects that the server requires OAuth and opens your browser.

3. If you're not logged into Airbyte, log in now.

4. Grant access to the Airbyte Agent MCP.

5. Launch Codex with `codex`.

> 6. Begin using the MCP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Begin using the Airbyte Agent MCP.
```
